
Skip to main content
Main navigation
Go to the homepage of ns.nl

    NS for business
    In het Nederlands

Groep vrienden op het station met oranje shirts
King's Day 2026

On April 26 and 27, the Netherlands will celebrate King's Night and Day! We will run longer trains, and some extra trains, to bring you to your favourite King's Day party. Remember to plan your outbound and return journeys in advance.
Plan your outbound and return journeys
Pay with your debit card

If you do not wish to purchase a single-use chipkaart, you can check in easily using your contactless debit card, credit card or mobile phone. These tickets are valid for 2nd class, without a discount or season ticket.
How to travel with your debit card
Useful information

We would like everyone to have a safe and festive King's Night and Day. We have a number of measures to ensure this.
Alcohol ban

From 19:00 on April 26 to 07:00 on April 28, travellers are not allowed to bring alcohol to the station or aboard the train. The shops at the station also will not sell alcohol.
Waste

Many travelers use our trains on King's Day and King's Night. Keep it tidy: take your trash with you and dispose of it at the station. Together, we ensure clean trains and stations.
Accessibility adjustments

    On Utrecht Centraal Jaarbeurszijde all entrances will be closed from 1:00 on King's Night. You can enter the station via Centrumzijde.
    Amsterdam Science Park and Amsterdam RAI will be closed on King's Day.

Luggage lockers

The luggage lockers will be closed at stations:

Breda
From 19:00 on April 26 until 07:00 on April 28.
Bike

On King's Day (April 27) you are not allowed to take your bike on the train. 

On the R-net route Alphen aan den Rijn - Gouda it is not allowed to take your bike with you on both King's Day ánd King's Night. This regulation applies from 26 April 19:00 to 28 April 01:30.
Student travel product

As a student with a weekly subscription, you cannot travel freely on King's Day; you travel on credit with a 40% discount. With a weekend subscription you can travel freely on King's Day.
Travel assistance

Due to the stations being more crowded than usual, we offer an alternative form of NS Travel Assistance at a number of stations:

King's Night (April 26)

    Den Haag Centraal starting from 23:00
    Utrecht Centraal starting from 20:00
    Arnhem Centraal starting from 18:00

King's Day (April 27)

    Amsterdam Centraal, Utrecht Centraal and Eindhoven*: whole day
    Breda: starting from 10:00
    Amsterdam Zuid, Arnhem, Zwolle en Groningen: starting from 18:00

* booking online is not available, call 030-235 78 22 for Travel Assistance.
International travellers

On April 27, the Eurocity Direct runs to and from Almere Centrum station instead of Lelystad Centrum. Other arrival and departure stations for international trains remain unchanged on King's Day. We advise travelers from Amsterdam who need to catch a flight or travel by international train to set off in good time. Please allow for extra travel time due to the heavy traffic in the city. Plan your journey in advance using the NS Travel planner.
Additional information
King's visit to Dokkum

On April 27, 2026, King Willem-Alexander and his family will visit Dokkum to celebrate King's Day there. 
Discover the NS-app

because it can do more than you think
Download for iOS Download for Android
Notifications

Receive push notifications with the latest information about your journey.
This is how to turn on notifications
Rent an OV-fiets

Rent a bicycle at the station for only € 4.65 per day.
Discover the OV-fiets
Straight to...

    Travel information
    NS Flex
    Business
    Customer Service

Our products

    Tickets & Supplements
    Season tickets
    Door to door
    International train tickets

More NS

    About NS
    Careers (in Dutch)
    Contact

Social media

    Facebook
    Instagram
    YouTube
    LinkedIn

    Disclaimer
    Privacy
    Cookies
    Company Information
    Terms & Conditions

Logo Dutch Railways
